README.md, before:

# Tailwind Vue Data Table

Simple DataTable with slots, class and style modification for tr and td, sortable by columns (only graphics with click event).

Contains the TVPaginator component that can be disabled via prop or used in stand-alone mode.

<img src="https://github.com/BitTheCat/tailwind-vue-data-table/blob/main/assets/tvdatatable.jpg"/>

### Install
```
npm i @bitthecat/tailwind-vue-data-table
```

Add this code inside **tailwind.config.*** to compile the css library

``` js
content: [
    ...
    './node_modules/@bitthecat/tailwind-vue-data-table/dist/*.js',
],
```

### Use in Vue
``` js
import { TVTable } from '@bitthecat/tailwind-vue-data-table' 
```

### Next additions
- Pagination (can be disabled) ✔️
 
<img src="https://github.com/BitTheCat/tailwind-vue-data-table/blob/main/assets/tvpagination.jpg"/>

- Select row column (with checkbox) ✔️

<img src="https://github.com/BitTheCat/tailwind-vue-data-table/blob/main/assets/tvtable_checkbox.jpg"/>
- Row detail ✔️
  
- Row Clicked event
  
- ...
<hr>

## Table
### Props

| Props | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| currentPage | 1 | current displayed page (used by the paginator) |
| totalRows | 0 | total number of rows (used by the paginator) |
| perPage | 15 | number of rows displayed for page (used by the paginator) |
| hidePagination | false | enables for hide paginator |
| multipleSortable | false | enables multiple sortable for table header |
| enableCheck | false | enables checkbox for table row |

### Slots

| Props | Description |
| --- | --- |
| items | table data |
| fields | data fields |
| #cell:FIELD_NAME | used for overwrite |


slot 'cell:' has item or data props

item retrieves the row value

``` html
    <template #cell:username="{ item }">
        {{ item.emoji }} - {{ item.username }}
    </template>
```

data retrieves the field value

``` html
    <template #cell:username="{ data }">
        {{ data }}
    </template>
```

### Events

| Event | Description |
| --- | --- |
| updateSortable | emit the sortable field/fields |
| changePage | emit the page change |
| checkRow | emit the row item |

<hr>

## Fields 
### Props

| Props | Description |
| --- | --- |
| key | Th Title |
| label | index of value |
| sortable | the default setting is false, if set to true a symbol appears for sorting |
| thStyle | used for overwrite the th style |
| tdStyle | used for overwrite the td style |
| thClass | used for overwrite the th class |
| tdClass | used for overwrite the td class |
| _showDetails | used for show row details (default false) |

Commit message:

Added rowClicked (event), graphic fixes

README.md, after:

# Tailwind Vue Data Table

Simple DataTable with slots, class and style modification for tr and td, sortable by columns (only graphics with click event).

Contains the TVPaginator component that can be disabled via prop or used in stand-alone mode.

<img src="https://github.com/BitTheCat/tailwind-vue-data-table/blob/main/assets/tvdatatable.jpg"/>

### Install
```
npm i @bitthecat/tailwind-vue-data-table
```

Add this code inside **tailwind.config.*** to compile the css library

``` js
content: [
    ...
    './node_modules/@bitthecat/tailwind-vue-data-table/dist/*.js',
],
```

### Use in Vue
``` js
import { TVTable } from '@bitthecat/tailwind-vue-data-table' 
```

### Next additions
- Pagination (can be disabled) ✔️
 
<img src="https://github.com/BitTheCat/tailwind-vue-data-table/blob/main/assets/tvpagination.jpg"/>

- Select row column (with checkbox) ✔️

<img src="https://github.com/BitTheCat/tailwind-vue-data-table/blob/main/assets/tvtable_checkbox.jpg"/>
- Row detail ✔️
  
- Row Clicked event
  
- ...
<hr>

## Table
### Props

| Props | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| currentPage | 1 | current displayed page (used by the paginator) |
| totalRows | 0 | total number of rows (used by the paginator) |
| perPage | 15 | number of rows displayed for page (used by the paginator) |
| hidePagination | false | enables for hide paginator |
| multipleSortable | false | enables multiple sortable for table header |
| enableCheck | false | enables checkbox for table row |

### Slots

| Props | Description |
| --- | --- |
| items | table data |
| fields | data fields |
| #cell:FIELD_NAME | used for overwrite |


slot 'cell:' has item or data props

item retrieves the row value

``` html
    <template #cell:username="{ item }">
        {{ item.emoji }} - {{ item.username }}
    </template>
```

data retrieves the field value

``` html
    <template #cell:username="{ data }">
        {{ data }}
    </template>
```

### Events

| Event | Description |
| --- | --- |
| updateSortable | emit the sortable field/fields |
| changePage | emit the page change |
| checkRow | emit the row item when user click on row checkbox |
| rowClicked | emit the row item when user click on row |

##### Notes

##### Any __@click__ event of elements within the row triggers the rowClicked event, to get around this we need to __use @click.stop to prevent the propagation of the event__

<hr>

## Fields 
### Props

| Props | Description |
| --- | --- |
| key | th Title |
| label | index of value |
| sortable | the default setting is false, if set to true a symbol appears for sorting |
| thStyle | used for overwrite the th style |
| tdStyle | used for overwrite the td style |
| thClass | used for overwrite the th class |
| tdClass | used for overwrite the td class |
| _showDetails | used for show row details (default false) |
